John putting in place the most energy
efficient insulation measures is
absolutely key to the greenhouse project
can you tell us what BASF have actually
put in place yes well we've installed a
couple of products from our wall tie
range which are both polyurethane
closed-cell foams we've injected the
cavities of send neots incentives with a
closed cell phone for both insulation
and stabilization and it's in neots
we've sprayed the underside of the roofs
for some added extra insulation measures
so we've got an extremely versatile
product here that really and we do need
professionals actually to install and it
not only helps us in terms of energy
efficiency but also the actual carbon
reduction as well quite correct yes we
have a list of bas s at BASF approved
contractors who were trained to install
both products one is injected into the
cavities so it foams in situ in the
cavity helps to stabilize any loose
brickwork or wall ties but also with it
expanding the cavity helps to drop proof
the property the other system is sprayed
in place on the underside of the roof so
it's a much faster reacting system but
once again it provides very really good
insulation and helps with the air
tightness of the roof both products are
installed by BASF approved contractors
so you've got to have appropriate
expertise to put these products in place
correct yes it's not really a
do-it-yourself but it is installed
professionally I say trained contractors
that have gone through our approval
systems well it's great to have a
product installed by accredited
contractors that will actually maximize
the benefits in terms of energy
efficiency here at snares thank you John
okay thank you
you